DYSUSING DISPENSATION - NO MORE!

Definition of dys-

1 : abnormal
2 : difficult
3 : impaired
4 : bad

source -

“Dys-.” Merriam-Webster.com Dictionary, Merriam-Webster, https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/dys-. Accessed 21 Apr. 2021.

So DYSUSE would mean incorrect useage, and DYSUSING means the action or process of incorrectly using something; specifically in this discussion, misusing the term "dispensation".

How important is it to discuss this subject?  To all whose very identity is being a BELIEVER, and considering the fact that misunderstanding the term "dispensation" is thoroughly ubiquitous among them, this discussion is potentially important.  But when one more fact is added into that mix - the fact that misunderstanding the term "dispensation" is in actuality producing deep-seated UNBELIEF and division - then discussing this is VITALLY important.

The summation of all that follows herein is this: Deut 29:29 stands in opposition - and as an alternative - to the current widespread misunderstanding of the term "dispensation":

"The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."

"for ever" means NOT "until the end of this dispensation", like the unbelief accompanying a misunderstanding of "dispensation" dictates.

STOP here until you understand those words.  Continuing further without understanding those words is just a waste of your time.

Now you might well ask for specifics - this discussion is boring; is it REALLY worth my time?  And - what things are so important to believe that we don't believe because of this misunderstanding?  And - why will a correct understanding of "dispensation" result in belief where I might now have unbelief?  And - what is the correct definition of "dispensation", anyway?  As I continue, I am keeping all those concerns of yours in mind.  Most of all though, I want your life to be more conformed to Kingdom of Heaven living as a result of simply believing ALL that God tells us.  I want your life, my life, to be FIT to live in the Kingdom about to be manifest on earth, just like we've been praying for for 2 millenia.  There are a few things about our beliefs we need to change to be more FIT to  enter the Kingdom that God is right now in the process of putting on earth.

The prevalent connotation of the term "dispensation" is one of the segments of time as the Bible implicitely segments time into.  The actual denotation of the term is "administration".

I cannot emphasize enough that NEITHER of those definitions is anything even close to the true meaning as used in the Bible!  And this is NOT a harmless misunderstanding!

An argument could be made that "administration" and "dispensation" are synonyms, but NOT ANY MORE.  Maybe in olde Englishe that argument could be made, but today's synonyms for dispensation are words like "commission", "job", "assignment", or [a good] "work".  EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE NINE OCCURANCES OF THE GREEK WORD FOR DISPENSATION CONFORMS TO THIS.  NEVER, EVER CAN ANY OF THEM BE STRETCHED INTO BEING A SYNONYM FOR ANYTHING WHATSOEVER TO DO WITH TIME.

The proof of that assertion is in the reading and is an easy slam-dunk, but an even more urgent point is this - the end result of this discussion will NOT be to worship on Saturday or to observe Judaism's other teachings.  Paul's epistles to the Galatians and Romans, and Acts 15 are among the scriptures against Gentiles doing so in hopes they obey God by observing His commands to Israel.  Nonetheless, you WILL be challenged to receive a few scriptures that you've been taught NOT to believe, but you've never really had a clear reason why we shouldn't believe them.  You've never had a clear reason to not believe because there is no such reason in the Bible nor consistent with the Bible.
