
(On FB and Rumble ONLY) WEDNESDAYS WITH KAT AND STEVE - Episode 90
by Elijah Streams Aug 17, 2022
https://rumble.com/v1gbnat-on-fb-and-rumble-only-wednesdays-with-kat-and-steve-episode-90.html
or https://fb.watch/iyNFznLFf2/ Video author slightly different
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. Happy Wednesday, August 17, 2022. Welcome to the broadcast. It's going to be a great show today. We have Kat Kerr as always. It's going to be right an hour show starting now. She's got some other things she needs to do. This is the day before Eric Trump comes. So Eric Trump will be here tomorrow. Do not miss this. Be sure and text your friends. Call your friends and let them know. We've got some great questions for Eric. It's going to be great. Oh, by the way, yes. Thank you, Julie. It is 8 a.m. tomorrow. I would have forgotten that. It's 8 a.m. Pacific time. If you're on the East Coast, it will be 11. It's 8 a.m. in the morning. That's when we could get him. We're happy to do that. We did that one other time with General Flynn. It is 8 o'clock in the morning Pacific time. So there you have it. I'm just making sure I'm not missing any notes here. Before we bring Kat on, let's bring Mike and Lori Sally on. Let's talk about the wells. They are spearheading the whole thing, the whole project. I can't wait to hear all about it. So Mike and Lori Sally, take it away. Yeah, go ahead, Lori. We are so excited to update you specifically about the water wells in Uganda. I think one of your shows you shared about that we had had 300 salvations. Well, now it's up to over 800 people who have given their lives to Jesus because of these water wells. I was just in shock. Who knew that Jesus, we know he can turn water into wine, but who knew he was going to make these water wells and share the gospel in such an impactful way. People just be... I had always hoped that maybe a person or two would come to Jesus because of this, but I had no idea that this would be an evangelism tool where hundreds and hundreds, and we just think we're just getting started. We're just getting started. We're now doing a well a week. Every week, one well. So, wow. So we're up to 47 new wells that Elijah Streams has provided. 47. I was looking at the big organization that does work in Uganda and all of last year and then all they do is water. All they do. And they did 42 water projects, not even wells in the entire year. Really? Yeah. It's incredible the pace and the excitement of the people and I was surprised as well as how many people are coming to know Jesus because of this. It's crazy. It's not normal, actually. It's something God's doing. The anointing is all over this project and just the investment that people are making. It's incredible. I wanted to share one of the stories. So I was asking my team, like, tell me what does it look like? I mean, how is this happening? How are they sharing the gospel? Because, normally, I mean, pastors are out there sharing all the time and in this one particular area, so Elijah Streams, we are drilling wells in different parts of Uganda, not all in the same exact spot. So it's in different areas. One area that is really, really dry, it's a drought area and so it's kind of like the forgotten people. It's drought. They don't have a lot of government assistance. They don't have many organizations that are coming there to help and so what they've been doing is as the water company is coming out with their equipment, they're renting a speaker and hooking it up to a car and they're driving through the village and they're kind of announcing, hey, we want you to know what Jesus is doing. There's people that love Jesus, that are responding to him and they care about you and he cares about you and they want you to know about him and so then they start sharing the gospel and then right behind them, not very far, there's these huge, massive trucks that have these huge drilling implements and things and my team is telling me that not only are the water wells an amazing thing, but the fact that we're using this equipment, the technology that we're using to drill these wells is abnormal for them because normally when people come and drill a well, they do it by hand and we're thankful for those that are able to do that, but it's not as efficient because you can't go as deep, it's actually dangerous to do it like that, but people are in awe and imagine if it's not every day you see massive trucks coming in, you know, whenever they're in these villages, when strangers come, everybody stops what they're doing and they run and they want to know what's going on so they're using that first introduction of here's why we're doing this and then they're watching the process the entire time and then when they hit water, then when they hit water, they do a big commissioning and they gather everybody together and that's when their hearts are touched and they were telling me this story about this one woman, she's 71 years old and to me when I hear 71, that doesn't seem that old because I'm, you know, I'm in my 50s so 70 doesn't seem like it's that old but in Uganda that is old the life expectancy isn't that long, we know Jesus can do it 120 years more than that, but 71 she's considered an elder in her community and my team is telling me that she has zero faith, normally in Uganda you find people that are either, they adopt something, whether they're really born again or not and they say born again, we say Christians in the states but they always say born again and that means you're really born again she didn't believe in anything or she didn't really ascribe to any particular thing, she must have believed in a higher being because she testified that she used to say to whatever higher being she was talking to if somebody would come and solve this water crisis because I've been suffering, my parents were suffering my children are suffering, now my grandchildren are suffering and then whenever we came in and drilled this water and she saw the water coming she just started yelling God is alive, God is alive God is alive that's amazing she was so excited she truly was like the woman at the well because she then gave her life to Jesus people followed suit, they followed her, they thought if she believes in Jesus, I want the same Jesus and it was remarkable so Steve, over 800 people I can't I mean I do but it's like I mean I thought maybe a person or two would come to the Lord because of these wells, I had, I never saw this coming, not even close and we're just getting started one well a week it'll probably increase unless you run out of land to drill wells I don't think we'll run out of land there's a lot of people who contact us all the time really? oh yeah, all the time tell me about that for a minute do other people call and say bring a well here or what? I get emails every week from people that hear about what's going on with Elijah's streams and how we're providing this water can you do one for me here's somebody I know in this village that needs help here's a school that needs help I don't think we've gotten close to tapping out the potential yet and so it's pretty exciting just let those that are watching know it's not as easy as just people contacting and saying hey I need a water well here because we're trying to work with reputable well drillers that we can make sure that we're going to go deep enough and the water is going to be sustainable because you hear stories of water wells that were drilled by different organizations and maybe they're drilling it and go deep enough and then it ends up running dry and that's what we don't want that to happen so we're trying to do it through relations I know you brought a video your daughter Caitlin made this video so let's watch that video about it's kind of the latest I laughed because he said we're emptying hell and we're populating hell but you can populate but we understand what he means he said we're doing damage big time to hell I mean we are literally coming against hell so let's watch that video this year 2022 the recharge plants have been started so your denerasty is not only providing clean water but is emptying hell and populating heaven by souls coming to the kingdom and we talk about your Elijah's things so everyone prays for you and God bless you so very much Mike and Lorde Salle this is amazing before the launch of this power hall Moscow has been preached and about 15 people have accepted in Christ as Lord and Savior and even land has been donated to start a church in this place this is a testimony this is amazing these are 15 souls they have come to the kingdom of God today because of the donation of the power hall thank you very much it's so exciting he's like a kid isn't he well I'm like a kid you know I'm sitting here you guys are the same thing look what's going on I mean I can't believe it I do believe it but we are above and beyond anything I think any of us expected to happen wait to see what God is doing for sure well thank you both for coming I see Kat is now here so blessings to you both I appreciate it Mike and Lorde you're working with us very strongly to look into water situations that we will be talking about very very soon here in the states you are here and we're looking at a lot of different things related to the water so we'll be reporting that and a lot of people don't know we're helping a lot of other people even not related to the water but everyone who sows into this ministry receives a reward from him I mean without you know he says even if you give so much as a cup of cold water to one of these you will not lose your reward can you imagine the rewards God's passing out in heaven and on earth thank you to all of our viewers we appreciate it very much so thank you Mike and Lorde we'll see you soon and we'll bring on Kat bless you guys okay so without further ado let's do Wednesdays with Kat and Steve music and there she is hey Kat how are you I'm great thank you so good to have you back I got my Disneyland tie on and tell people why it's okay to still love Disneyland even though we hear some of these bad things you know I always look at the roots of something or the foundation of something and well we can even look at the throne of God Satan has taken many things that are actually some of the father's images the way he operates and he is on the earth polluted them and made them not good but that doesn't mean it's okay to partake of Satan stuff I'm just making an example Walt Disney was put on the earth by God at the time he was put on here and he was put here to create fun in family entertainment that's why people think well he doesn't care about entertainment well they have it in heaven people movies in heaven is all kinds of roller coasters because God knows we need fun and heaven I say is a good bit fun it is holy is pure there's nothing defiling there's no profanity there's no wickedness anywhere in heaven not in anything to create or make there but Walt had this passion in his heart to make a place that families could come and bring their children because even in those days there was a lot of craziness going on in the 60s and things weren't turning in the best direction in that time and so many things were going on that were not good he was determined and he really fought hard well in Orlando especially to get the land for Disney World but the reason he created that in those characters was so we could have something to laugh at and have fun and he is not happy himself right now with stuff that's going on but it is going to change and the father has adamantly told me it's going to change so a lot of maybe people might end up being removed and have this replaced there because I know when Walt was on the earth he was adamant about keeping it at a level that what was produced and the content that was produced not just at that time but for years to come could be enjoyed by family, by children and know that they were going to see something safe and when Disney World was open I actually went to the park here in Florida the first year they were open it was so many masses of people were coming to enjoy and talking about Disney I always appreciated was he always showed in his movies or any of the other things he created you knew the difference between good and evil and every time good would be the victor in the movies and any of the sets he made and he made sure that you knew that this was evil and it was dark and it was not good and yet this was filled with life and light and so I loved it the heroes always saved the day and it overcame every evil obstacle or thing that was in any of the movies or things he produced and so I always appreciated that with Walt and if he was here today that's exactly what would still be happening instead of compromise and darkness invading parts of that there are going to be some covert activities going on in there and no one's going to know anything about it except God himself but things are about to start changing in Disneyland and in Disney World and I don't know if that means something might close for a while or things are being changed or things there's going to be so many things accelerated in these days where darkness is going to be pushed back and that doesn't mean it might close completely but what it'll mean is darkness will be pushed out of places and out of entertainment especially and those who make wicked movies will bomb and they'll lose their shirt if they keep doing it when this whole thing shifts so I do appreciate Walt and all that he created for families if you ever go to either one of those places you can see his own personal comments on the walls in the place and he was so appreciated the people who helped to build the place and the ones who work there now his own comments about how he feels about them he appreciates all of their efforts to help everyone have the time to make it safe and he called them a team he never took direct credit for everything he always gave credit to everyone who was a part of what he did which I also admired in him that he considered everybody involved and he wasn't just the only one that was doing anything and then of course we know there's other people involved in that place now that is not Walt's plans or his ideas some of them that are being put out there now and even in the new things that are being made there's a whole entire different content in it that most believers or even good moral people would not appreciate but just wait and see that will also change I'm glad you see your Donald Duck it's such a special place they opened the doors the year I was born 1955 I met my wife across the street from Disneyland at the convention center on our honeymoon it's just a real special place and yeah there'll be some bad apples that'll get gone and it's interesting to hear what you just said but some people think well then this must be an evil place don't think that Walt Disney's DNA is still in that thing I remember hearing a story that that he and his brother Roy eventually ran the place after he passed but Roy didn't want to spend the money he didn't want to put gold on the top of the castle there's a point or something and so Walt waited until he was got a vacation or something and he went up there and had the people put gold up there I mean I assume it was gold paint but anyway he spent the money he wanted top notch anyway so fun listen I know we have to stop at the top of the hour because of things that people have to do but anything else you want to share before we get into questions I was thinking of something just a minute ago I did want to say one more thing about Disney World I think when you're prayed up when you go there you may have opportunities to minister to people I'm not saying everybody there is bad or wicked some stuff going on or being controlled by certain people who are not very good people and I'm not going to name names or anything I'm just saying keep it in your prayers I know Walt is declaring from heaven over it absolutely and that is something God gave him to create and he was very pleased with it he's not so pleased now but it's going to change I just want to encourage people to make sure and no matter where you go this is just for parents of young children make sure you always keep your kids with you make sure you see them and know who they're with please don't just drop them off at some friends house that you don't even know the friends or the family I would do that anyway I always was like that anyway I was always very careful with my children who babysat them but if we went to a big place we made sure we made rules to go in there to make sure we all knew where everybody was if a child was always with an adult that went with us and these days right now with all the stuff going on that would be a good tip for everybody really really really good alright well I have questions for you a whole list of questions here so let me just start with the first one Nathaniel asks and I hadn't heard of this before but here he goes he says I've heard that there are angels that stand at the four corners of our home is this true or are the angels all over our home in and out so that's his question I think it depends on where you put them where you post them you are allowed to say to the angels who are sent to protect you all the time you and your family they're sentries and they're posted here by your home and they pretty much stay around your home you have others that leave and go with you when you go places and I just tell them I'm going to post a sentry at each corner of my home I'm going to post so many over the home and even down the road and they actually go there and that's what they do they watch for anything of darkness coming they pull down strongholds they shred platforms trying to control us spirits of wickedness or whatever of darkness that want to control us or take things from us so they do both they will even march around on your property and watch it all the time or you can post them as sentries in certain places and if you have a second place you can also post sentries there and that is their number one job which will protect that area that they're assigned to that's really good you know I live on acreage that's not all my acreage there's actually a few hundred acres it belongs to the neighbors but in order to keep the dare out I'm involved inside the fence so they put a fence around it I didn't realize this about sentries this is the first time I've heard you say that that I can recall but I felt I was supposed to post sentries and I used that word at every post on the fence around all the property my neighbors as well I said if anyone gets anywhere near us to try to do harm I want them to see these sentries as and I said let them think they're police officers let them whatever if they try to do harm so I don't know what you think about that well you can actually also tell them to expose anyone who's coming, why they're coming and they actually can stop them from coming they'll actually stop them they'll actually interfere with someone trying to come in on the property and that might be appearing them that might be them saying something and even if they can't see them they would hear that so that's what sentries do is keep things away from you and to make sure that your life and your property is safe so you did the right thing by posting sentries that's really good I got really serious one day because there had been evidence of an invasion and I thought I'm not having this I went to town I took off after that alright Star is asking this question she says some of us write letters to God just simply write things down to Him, to God does the Father receive those letters and if He does how does He receive them there's several different ways that can happen I would encourage you if you wrote one read it out loud to Him you can do that when you're just by yourself in your prayer time or just in the time when you're walking or just doing something you can actually read it to Him say Father I have written this letter to you and read it to Him and it's going to hear you read that letter and they probably record it it's probably recorded in heaven they do a lot of recording there's angels that's what they do and they're sent for that they actually record things there's couriers, there's scribes who write things down or else they write things down and you say or they bring messages from heaven that are written I've had both of those happen to me before but absolutely I'm just standing in a spot and just say to your family member I love you, I just want you to know I haven't forgotten you I'm excited about one day being there with you then He'll make sure they hear that people think everything's so far away but especially the Father, the Son of the Holy Spirit if you wanted to really say something to them He loves, by the way writing that thing down is an MO it's a motive operations of the Father He does have we know He has the lamest book of life we know that He has a book of remembrance He actually has many and they're real books they're huge books and He does actually write in them, He likes to write things out Christ would rather say it but the Father writes things down you know He wrote a book about your life before you were even born so I would say you writing things down maybe a good thing would be to get a journal and if you think of something each day to say something to Him then you write down the date and what you wanted to say to Him and make sure He hears that and the other thing you can do with that journal is when He begins to answer you it may be that still small voice inside but you know it's Him answering because He's answering what you just said to Him so that way you can have a two-way conversation and you can record it in a journal and then you can enjoy looking at it later on or maybe leave that for your children one day and they might be surprised if that's said to you or what you said to Him so authorship is a really big thing in heaven everyone has written a book that represents God or heaven or just something really fun but decent they're already on library shelves and your books are already in heaven do you mean everyone's written a book whether they've written it here or not what do you mean by that you said everyone some people still write books in heaven do you but are you saying people that don't write here are actually in effect authoring a book there I'm not quite sure what you're saying what I'm saying is those who have authored a book here those books I saw my own books in a library in heaven so I do know and I was told those who become authors is so important because even when you're gone that book remains here and those words will still be read by people and it may be something spiritual or it could be something just a help book or just something funny that's really decent and people love to read and there's still people who read books at all so you can go get them out of the library or you can just request to have one yourself there in heaven and you have a place for a library in your own mansion so people still still love to read well I thought it was cool when Bill Johnson had my book in his library if my book is in heaven that's way cooler yeah that's very very cool okay let me come back for a moment to this just popped into my head I think I'm supposed to share it like so it's almost 15 years ago I didn't know you yet I hadn't heard about either sentries or hosts but I was a praying man and my oldest daughter got in trouble she gave her phone number to a guy in the market and I was furious not at her but that this would happen that he would have it and he started calling and I ripped into the spirit realm and I prayed every prayer every kind of emotion about I wanted God to take it take notice and take action and protect her does God pay attention to the the amount to me there was faith behind that emotion because I knew God would act does God pay attention to our how do I say this angry faith if I can put it that way angry against the devil is what I mean I would say that's called passionate you're fierce against what the enemy is doing of course the fathers can hear you I'm absolutely sure many times he's going to answer that prayer and it may not be the way you think it will happen but it will happen and I've also seen that but you know passionate people God those people who have a passion and you're expressing what you're feeling and what you're thinking especially if it's something that lines up with what God wants and he speaks in this word about protecting and guarding your words and keeping certain people away from you because he doesn't want your family life infiltrated by the enemy or a thing that the enemy could use against you so absolutely especially the words of a parent for the child he's absolutely going to pay attention to that that's kind of like you hear about mama bear I became papa bear I can't remember any time in all of my life I prayed that intensely for my daughter but I felt there was an urgency so I let it rip alright Margaret asked is God the father and or heaven going through time with us on the earth even though the father can move back and forth in and out of time is there a sense of past present and future to Jesus Holy Spirit and the people in heaven so I think I understand where they're coming from do they get a sense of time because we're in time I'm quite sure heaven is very much aware of what's going on in any time actually the father's omnipresent he knows exactly what's going on where's going on and everything so he he has to be aware of what's going on so he can send help or send words or scribes or couriers for whatever purpose so yes he is very much aware even though he's not held by time or bound by time and doesn't operate like the way we operate here in time we have hours we're awake and hours we're sleep they don't sleep in heaven they don't have to but he's still very much aware of what's going on and all over the earth at different times on the earth so yes he's like he's present all the time no matter where we are what's going on and of course he can still go into the past and see things he can go into the future and see things the Bible says he's been from the beginning there would be time from the beginning to the end there is a beginning of time that was right when he first made the earth the end of time is when he wraps it all up and then he makes the new earth and then we're just in eternity we'll be in eternity but during this time I said time during this seasons of our life where time is very much involved with us with heaven then they are seeing things all the time as it's going by but he also knows the end of things at the same time so it's like if we're agonizing in prayer for something to happen that we want or think we need or we do need and there is a sense where God will say it's not time yet for that he'll know that it's three months in the future so he does operate within that framework he knows that this is for three months from now that kind of thing he already knows that he already knows when things are going to happen and even what's going to happen even though people have wills of their own he's already actually been through all of time he's seen all of time already but right now as we're speaking he is watching and he's listening so he can be anywhere at the same time that's one of the great things about him so he's very much involved in our lives at the same time and even does know what that end looks like and I've already told people that he actually did show me when the end of time would be and it's not really a date it's an event and I've learned that about him most of the things he plans and things for on the earth he goes by those events that he has planned and those are things that will happen in the earth that he has planned are going to happen but he did tell me one time he said there will be a day that will come when time will be no more because I won't need time and you won't need time on the earth on the new earth we won't have a clock we won't have things like that going on we will be living forever and we will also plan things by events at that time on the new earth but when everything ends is when time will be no more because he doesn't need time on this earth the reason he needs time now is because he's sending those little spirits from him, that's where everybody came from you lived in him but this is what he said time will be no more when I have sent the last one from myself I won't need time that's good I have a question about time now that we're on the subject Manuel Johnson talks about he's been transported in the future and the past so have you well God took him in the past he transported him in the past he showed him what happened he was there and it brought healing to his soul because God showed him this and that I don't know the whole story because I'm probably not doing it justice but great healing came to him by God taking him back in time does God do that sometimes does he see a need to bring someone back in time I think that he probably does because I know several other people who have encounters like that and I have been taken back in time quite a few times it was all related to things that happened in the Word of God or the way he made heaven the way he made the earth it was always related to revelation when he takes me back in time like he showed me his son on the cross and what happened when he had his spirit leave he took me back and I saw paradise or Abraham's bosom while he was there with the thief I saw him also when he was in hell approached the gates of hell and they were taking him and I saw what happened on the third day I was taken back back in the book of Acts when the Holy Spirit came and invaded in the upper room I mean there's many times he's taken me back I was taken back to the tomb the very day that he came out of that tomb I was taken that day back in time and I actually felt myself traveling it was the one time I felt myself traveling through time and I told people it was like on Star Trek or Star Wars when you go warp speed and those like shoot past you it is exactly like that I know they probably got that idea from the idea zone in heaven about how it looks like when you travel but it actually did and I actually could feel myself moving whenever we got to the part of time God wanted me to see we stopped and my feet just touched the ground crazy and it's like a portal open and I was there I was literally there in that time and I saw Mary go into the tomb looking for him and she saw the person in the garden and she came out and she thought he was the gardener because Christ was actually standing in the flowerbed smelling the flowers when these things happen both that and all the other back in time to be very very clear you went in that time this wasn't a vision a 3D experience you actually were there during the time it actually I was actually there I was wide awake I don't sleep long enough to dream I almost never dream and I have sometimes visions but this is called an encounter an encounter is you are actually there he's not showing me a film my feet touched the ground outside the tomb I saw the stone had been rolled away it was actually quite a ways down thing I also saw Christ standing he has a back turn to where the tomb was and he was literally looking at the flowers because he loves flowers and he had just been through 3 days of you know what and so when he came out of there after thanking his father for all that he had done for him he wanted to be in the midst of the flowers and I actually say Mary surmised or thought he was the gardener and she spoke to him she said her name she knew instantly when she heard him speak that it was him and then he turned around and of course she saw him then and I saw that in person, in that time that's how it happens people and instead of bashing people saying why not ask God to give you an encounter and show you something powerful I've been taking it up many many times for me and I didn't take myself I have to make it clear I didn't take myself that God had purpose for me and he'd already told me we're going to take you back in time, forward in time we're going to give you revelation on the word revelation on the times you're in and show you things to come and if you remember in Revelation 4 he actually said that to John I will show you things to come and so that's one of the things that God does with his prophets and so I was literally there in person remember the feeling of the ground the smell of the flowers everything about that place amazing Bobby Connor tells a story about going to the crucifixion not a vision not a 3D idea he was actually there and he said the smells the sights, the sounds you know have you been to the crucifixion as well? I saw a part of the crucifixion it was more what I heard him saying and they were of course very upset that he had died but we know that he actually the thing about Christ was he was such a powerful being he had to lose his soul from his body he actually had to tell it to leave he knew he had to die and so they probably were wondering why in the world hasn't that guy died they even put the sword inside and everything but he finally knew that it was time so he just lost his soul from his body and his spirit man left his body and then of course he was there his body remained on the cross until they took it down they were wrapping it the women were crying John was but John remembered also the words Christ said that he would rise again and so it was a very powerful thing people in the city people I could hear crying in the whole area there that he had died because they loved him so much he had helped so many people and did so many miracles they said you couldn't even put him in a book there were so many people count the miracles it says if the books were written of all the things he did the books would go around the world like the planet people so he was non-stop all the time doing his work that God gave him to do and so it was an emotional time but of course I already knew that he was going to raise from the dead but I had visited that place and then of course I was taken back when he came out of the tomb and then I was taken back when he was down in hell and then I was taken back I was taken back in time when he actually was sent into heaven and one of the angels had this urn with his blood because he had to pour that out on the mercy seat in heaven and so he showed me these things and he showed me the reality of the word of God it was so powerful but yes I have encounters he clearly comes and takes me just takes me like in a second and it doesn't matter where I am really and I gave him permission so it might be better if you say I give you permission to take me whenever you want to or speak to me whenever you want to that encourages him to do it actually and I don't even say that to him when he told me this is what we're going to have you do commission on the earth as a revelator this is what you're going to do and I said I'd give you permission whenever you want to and I guess while we're talking about time okay now you got me I have heard you and others talk about okay he said to the thief that was saved that became saved he said I'm telling you this day today you will be with me in paradise he didn't say in hell he said in paradise I have not heard anyone say during those three days what did he do in paradise no one's ever really related that to me at least well the first thing he did was preach the gospel to all of them it said he it said that he took captivity captive the captivity that was it was called Abraham's wisdom and paradise it is the same place where the dead we died if you were faithful and knew God and believed in God himself this is before the Messiah came God counted that your faith as being you know you were just and you were faithful so he didn't send them to hell they couldn't ascend to heaven though because Christ hadn't gone back to heaven pour out the blood except of course we know Elijah and Enoch literally were taken to heaven in their bodies and they're still there in the physical bodies I believe that they were glorified when he took them up to heaven already because they didn't have to die and that was the Father's choice to do that but but it is quite a thing for God to trust you to do things and share things for him but yes but that's his choice to take me I don't take myself but he actually entered into paradise because he had to keep his word to the thief thank you Holy Spirit said the XT he had to keep his word and he didn't say I'll see you tomorrow he said this day that day that day and so when he died they actually I think he died before the thieves didn't they have to come break their legs so they would die I think so because they had to break the legs and all that with the thieves so Christ descended into paradise paradise was not a place with rocks and you think well it's in the earth there's a bunch of rocks sitting around it was a city it was a beautiful city God made faithful and that's where his friends he called Abraham you know that was his friend many others of back in the Old Testament were friends of God because they chose to be friends of God and he didn't send them to hell they still had to they had to descend though when you believe in Christ now and you die you don't descend at all you ascend into heaven that's where he does the big difference because Christ has been there he made the way back he cleansed it he put the blood on the altar showing that he had died for everyone's sins and so that changed everything about for those who died that believed in Christ it changed some things happen that change everything and so yes he did go down there he was talking to Abraham he was talking to Joseph who raised him he was talking to all those people the faith of David all of those were in paradise and at one point they all exited and left paradise is empty now there's nothing there it's still there people actually asked me would Satan take it over he doesn't have the ability to take paradise over that's like a holy place that God made for those who loved him and believed in him and no hell can't take paradise and use it people he's never going to get paradise so he would have taken Joseph the one who was sold in Egypt he would have taken David Solomon and he would have preached the gospel and said this is what it means to be saved this is what I had to do that kind of thing he would have told the whole story he literally changed the gospel as if you tell people that Jesus Christ gave his life that he gave his life so that we might have a way to go back to heaven where we all came from there had to be a prize paid there had to be a sacrifice made and he actually told all of them they had like a gathering and he just preached the gospel to everybody there and everyone there received him as their Messiah they had to receive him as their Messiah because that's what makes it possible for you to go you know to go into heaven and so he did he preached the gospel he said he preached the gospel and so then he took captivity he captivated them with his love and his sacrifice for all for all those who choose him and so they then eventually they did exit Abraham's bosom or paradise and they are all now in heaven they don't use that anymore it's not used but it is still there it had golden buildings it actually had a river now these are spiritual places because you're there in your spiritual body I will explain to people the difference of being in the flesh and being in the spirit you have a spiritual body and it looks like you but it looks a lot better you look young you're full of energy and life and so when you died you entered into this spiritual round place that was paradise or if you were wicked there's a great gulf that separates those places I think the people in paradise can see the gates of hell and they know hell if they come up to the gates can see like it's like I can't think of what you call it a balcony they see like this big balcony that they can see in a far distance because remember the dream that the wicked man had and he wanted the beggar to bring a drop of water and put it on his tongue burning in hell that dream was real that was real and that's a good way to explain you read that dream and see what happened there was a hell he was burning in hell and he was telling God please send someone to earth to tell them about this place it's horrible I don't want my family to come here and of course God's answer to him was it wouldn't matter who came they're wicked in their heart and they don't want it and he said so that but he would not send Lazarus who was a beggar who was a beggar on the earth and he was they could see that he's eating he knew they were eating there's like a king's table a feast set there you still eat in your spiritual body people in heaven and these people in paradise were eating they had buildings that they stayed in they had a beautiful river they even had a sky because it was a spiritual place oh wow okay of the year he wouldn't take his friends who actually believed in him and lived right he wouldn't send them to place it was a dark money place here you are in the middle of the earth sitting next to the lava that wasn't going to happen God made this place beautiful and it and it was beautiful let me ask this one last question because I know we have to stop at the top of the hour there was a great earthquake when Jesus was crucified and graves were open what have you seen if anything as far as that have you seen that event graves open the earthquake I know it didn't happen I know that the earthquake was shook and graves open and people saw I'm trying to remember I don't know if they gave a number or something but it was quite a few it was quite a few hundred I believe they were actually noted it was noted and written somewhere I don't know maybe Josephus or somebody wrote that down but it does mention in the Bible that they had an earthquake and the graves were opened and they saw people walk it was just another testimony that that was the son of God I mean a lot of people began to believe that was the son of God cross that was the son of God because he knows that couldn't have happened any other way so that really did happen people came up out of the graves and they walked around it was fascinating it was fascinating but you know it's interesting because you know it shows integrity on your part because you're not making it up if God didn't show you you're not saying God showed me you're saying I didn't see people walking out of the grave people walking out of the graves when there was an earthquake so that to me that adds credibility to you because you could make something out of it I wasn't taking and showing those people walking but I do know that did happen I do know that did happen they still talk about it in heaven sometimes wow I'd love to see a video of that and I guess in heaven we get to see replays that we want right if we want to see what that looks like absolutely can see replays awesome I like those are the kind of re-runs I want to see that if you will pray for the people before we go and just bless them if you will Father I thank you for this beautiful day I thank you for your holy son our king of kings I thank you for Holy Spirit who can be our best friend but is still God he was sent to come alongside us and then when we choose to invite him to indwell us he actually moves on the inside of us and then he'll never stop talking to us but I thank you for that that you are very much involved in our lives and you do care for everyone and I pray Father that people have to understand they need to understand that when they have someone who belongs to Jesus Christ and they receive Jesus Christ when they move to heaven it is a good thing it is a good thing for them that's why they celebrate in heaven they don't weep and cry when someone comes home they celebrate because God loves it when one of his children come home one of his sons or his daughters they come home to heaven they actually have a huge celebration rewards are given from the throne at that time and then all their family and friends go to see this person's mansion and then they get undone by how beautiful and amazing or adventurous even these mansions are so powerful thank you Father for thinking of us in the past now in this time and in the future you know where we are you know that we love you I thank you in these days set a table and the presence of everyone's enemies that would be the left that would be the liberals all those evil people colluding and flaming together to take over this world which makes me laugh ha ha ha because this earth was made by you and your son and it says the earth and the focus now belongs to Jesus Christ the earth is your footstool because you're ever watching us thank you for intervening in lives people have lost things like their property or their money is running low I thank you right now you take out of your own stock and you give to those people Father because they're trusting you they're believing you and they're staying excited I thank you for showing yourself strong on their path in these days right now in Jesus name so be it and everyone said amen and amen I just want to encourage people to go to revealingheaven.com cats two books are there and other products go to catcur.com that's the only place you can give into her ministry and I hope you will support her ministry at catcur.com it was one more little thing I did want to mention I will be of course in Colorado at a women's event and then less than a week later I'll be up with Hank and the other ones who have been invited to open the heaven and I just want people to know we actually have created some new things that represent heaven that we will be taking with us but I do know during my time that I get to speak on Saturday I think it's Saturday maybe it's Friday it's Saturday it is Saturday I will actually be sharing about Spirit Force if you haven't made reservations you can still have time to go I believe they still have seats left in that Mid-America Center and I'm just letting you know ahead of time I actually will be talking about Spirit Force and I'm excited to see people and share that truth, that new revelation from the Father with everybody there I'm looking forward to seeing all of you in person and may God keep you, bless you protect you on your journey, protect your family whoever is not not going with you and may He supply all that you need to get to that event because it will be life things and many of the prophets will be there Very good, thank you Kat and a quick reminder, tomorrow it's different at 8 a.m. not 11 a.m. at 8 a.m. Pacific time Eric Trump will be with us we're very, very honored to have him with us for the first time hopefully many other times and do not miss that Eric Trump tomorrow at 8 a.m. on Grumble Only and I think on Facebook as well so God bless everyone thank you Kat, we love you we will see you all again tomorrow see you tomorrow at 8 a.m. God bless, bye bye you 

WEDNESDAYS WITH KAT AND STEVE - Episode 114
by ElijahStreams Feb 1, 2023
https://rumble.com/v27yplk-wednesdays-with-kat-and-steve-episode-114.html
or https://fb.watch/iyXUTBTih5/ Video author slightly different
Well, welcome to Elijah's Streams. It is Wednesday, February 1, but we are recording this the day before, so I'm recording this in the clock behind us. We'll say Tuesday, January 31, but you will see this in the morrow on Wednesday, so we're very excited to bring you Kat again today. She has a shorter schedule because they're in the middle of a move, so we're going to do 35 minutes and fast and furious and we'll have a good time. I had to hook myself up today and all the things are dragging in. Anyway, hope the dog doesn't bark because I didn't take care of that ahead of time, so we'll see how this goes. So pretty short show, but we'll enjoy every minute of it, so we're not going to run any spots or any other announcements. Tomorrow, by the way, is Robin Bullock, so don't miss that. So you're hearing this on Wednesday, so Thursday will be Robin Bullock. So all right, without further delay, it's time for Wednesdays with Kat and Steve. Here we go. Hi, Kat. So you're in the middle of a move this week, huh? Yes, and we are so excited. I'm really excited. Awesome. Well, it's good to see you. We've got questions. We were going to jump right into questions today. Anything you wanted to say before we do that? I just want to say how much I love everybody and thank you for all the prayers you've given us over the years and even for this move, which sometimes seems almost impossible. Here we are moving tonight and tomorrow night. So we seriously are moving and we are all very excited. You know, it's a beautiful place. We know people there. We're going to meet a lot more people. I know God's going to be there too, of course. And so, yeah, we're trying to use our time as wisely as we can and our staff is actually going to come tomorrow to help. They have been bugging us forever. Please, let us help. Let us help. Yeah, we've got to take that, man. It's more talking than moving, but we're all very excited about how God has blessed us. So, yeah. And I feel that you're paying on the moving too. You know, you can have fun with friends and everything, but man, every time I've ever moved, we moved about something like 17 times in our married life. It's crazy. Wow. One time a year for the first half of the year. And then this place we've been at for 23 years now. Yeah. Yeah, so amazing. Well, listen, Kat, so you're pretty excited about the future still. Are you optimistic about how things are going? I am optimistic about everything God has said or told me and still intend to do. So, absolutely, yes, we all are. We're all very optimistic. By the way, once again, not intentionally, but we wore them. You got your teal on your hat and I got my teal on my tie and you're... Yeah. And that is heaven's color, you said, or heaven's favorite color. So, if I'm saying that right. Okay, so Kat, let me just jump in and ask you one question that I may have asked you a variant of this from time to time, but when people go to heaven, they've died and now they've graduated to heaven and you've said people, when they get to heaven, don't start comparing, don't say, how did you die? No, how did you die? They don't do that. But do... Would someone show up? Let's say they meet their parents and their parents are young like they are. They're everybody's in their 20s and 30s, I guess, looking at them. Does that... When they sit down and have coffee or whatever it is you do in heaven, do the parents say, well, tell me what happened last time we were there, you didn't even know the Lord, what happened? Do they tell that kind of story? And some say... Sometimes they do, if something's really on their heart, sure. And nobody minds at all if they ask some questions like that. I would have thought, you know, in my P-brain, I would have thought that that would be almost a sure thing that everybody would want to hear that story. But you... It sounds a little bit like it's more of an exception to the rule. Well, they actually hold meetings already when they come. Every time somebody comes new from earth, they always have huge events and everybody wants to come so they can hear what's been going on. Oh, okay. It's not gonna be any really good news, anything that's changed or maybe major things have happened that they would want to know about. That's an automatic, that part is automatic. So everybody will attend me somewhere. And then that person will be invited over and over and over again to visit people, speak places. And so, yeah, it's very exciting. Okay, very cool. So let's see, I wanted to go with this one. This one was... I've had this... Somehow I came across my desk I've had since December. It says, okay, I love Kat. I purchased and read her wonderful books. I find them very encouraging. I would like to ask her this question. The Bible says, when you try to approach the throne of God or God himself, you become very, very fearful. I have not heard Kat talking about the reverential fear of the, fear the Bible speaks of when it went in the presence of the great and almighty God. So I guess they're asking once you go to be with the Lord or once you visit heaven. I'm not quite sure where the reverential fear is that she's wanting to address. What would you say about that? I think it would probably depend on what was going on in its own home at the time. Of course, I've always, always had such holy reverence and love for the Father, for the Son, for the Holy Spirit that never changes. You never, ever get familiar with all that and not any of it. It's just overwhelming sometimes, the peace and the love that you experience when you're there. And of course, when I go many times, I'm like eight. Yeah, that's what you said. Not all viewpoint would be entirely different than most people who are already adults. So I think about what kind of fun will I have? Where will we take me? What will we do? I love him so much. I'm so excited to be here. So that would be the way that I would look at things and he wants me to. He wants me to see him that way. And there's other people who feel that way also. Well, yeah, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you. But you talked about how you've gone as an eight year old and that you usually go as an eight year old. So God sees you and you interact, I guess, as an eight year old. And you have said many times that heaven is like 50 percent worship, serious worshiping the Lord and 50 percent fun. Am I quoting you right? Is that about right? I would have to say yes. And he even says sometimes it's 50 percent fun. I'd have to make it fun. You come like a child. It makes sense. And so if you tell a story about this, I saw this or I saw that. And it makes the children or you at eight years old, when you go, giggle and laugh to see something funny, that's something that's in the heart of God to provide. Giggles and laughter and even goofiness when you're having fun, right? Yeah, you know, most everyone who comes says you must come like a child, right? And he wants us to feel that, you know, you're really all that innocent and excited and you know, you're going to have a good time. I mean, he is our father. That's who he is. That doesn't take anything away from his sovereignty, you know, his holiness, his power, the life he gives people. It doesn't change that. It's just that from my perspective and the way he's always taught me, he taught me as his daughter, he taught me as a child. So I see from their perspective. Okay, okay, cool. All right, Isaac is age 15. And he's asking this, are the world's wonders in heaven? For example, the hanging guards of Babylon, the Colosseum and so on, because we think of the seven wonders of the world, he's like, no, are those wonders in heaven? There are wonders, it says of course, those wonders in heaven. But I think it is the famous ones that we know, like, no, not those. Okay, not those. It would be like, you know, like the Valley of the Valley of the Falls would be definitely one the throne room, of course, absolutely the streets of gold, his rainbow. I mean, there's so many different things you would want to see the crystal sea, where you can swim under the water and breathe and talk and meet all the creatures there. So of course, they do actually have their list on quite sure of amazing places. Oh, yeah, the city is there. So there's so many things to do, see and learn about people have their favorites once they've been there for a while. So I would say, yes, it is sort of like, maybe more than eight. Yeah, well, you know, all right. And so if someone said, well, I will always hope that I never could go to see the Grand Canyon, I hope that I could see it in heaven. It's not like God needs to give you the Grand Canyon, he's got the grand everything. He absolutely has the grand, the grand of everything, you're right. So it's not like you missed that anymore. Won't you see what he's got there? Yeah, so good. Okay. Pam is asking this, can't you taught us that our level of spiritual authority grows as we mature in Christ? Can you tell us what a brand new Christians authority looks like? I don't, I guess, I have to interpret what she means. What does it look like? What, what would you say a brand new Christians authority like? I think maybe she's asking the moment you're saved and you're brand new. Do you walk out and possess certain authority that you didn't have? Or what does it look like if you're brand new? I think that no one can really maybe even think about that ahead of time. I think you are so undone by the glory that, you know, the glory we create for him, the splendors and the wonders that are there. You're so overwhelmed by his goodness that he gives us. But I'm brand new believer especially. They're overwhelmed really at what has been given to what Christ actually did give you, what you can operate in, how to do that, and what difference it would make here in the earth if everybody did. So yeah, there's a lot of things that there's so many things that we could talk about and discuss, but always those feelings of a new believer realize what has been paid for for them and what it's like to operate. There's like nothing is, you know, I don't think as much as I've been excited in all the years afterwards, I think the cream of the crop was the first week days and weeks after I encountered God and everything. It's hard to find that level of first love very many times. Don't get me wrong. I seek it and I do discover major encounters, but you're overwhelmed by that love. Absolutely yes. Yeah. I mean the Old Testament when I had the encounter with God 81, even the Old Testament screamed grace, grace, grace. I read it and I said, there's grace all over this thing and I had only seen bad news and that's them. All right. So Jan is asking this, when people first get to meet Jesus in heaven, what is the first most common response? Is it a joyful celebration kind of moment or a holy worship kind of moment? So what is that? I mean, yeah, so like, go ahead. Yeah, I think most of the time it's probably more of a holy thing. You are so undone knowing you're meeting actually the risen Savior, the one who gave everything for you. So I have seen most of the people probably would have that holy reverential thing that we talked about. Yeah. Unless you're a kid, then you're going to be like, yeah, besides yourself excited. Yeah. Well, you know, I, when I picture it for myself, I think, I think I'd fall on my knees or I would be, I would feel like falling and I feel like tears would come, but they would be tears of absolute unbelievable joy that we made it and he did this for me. And are there tears of joy? You know, there are tears of joy. I don't people think you never cry again in heaven. At the end of the Bible, it says every tear will be wiped away. You know, the former things, you know, more. That's the end of everything when it says, you don't cry, but crying for joy, excitement, gratefulness. Yeah, that's, it's a wonderful feeling anyway. And you absolutely love it. So yes, people still do that. Cool. Very cool. All right. Reggie's asking this, will teams of people work together or collaborate together to create things in heaven or on the new earth, like in these say, it's like groups work together on earth now to create or will, but we only create individually using our individual gifts and talents. So I guess he's likes doing things together as a group. And will we collaborate and do things together? That's the answer. We do collaborate and do things together. Of course we do. And you do learn how to create, not people, but there's creation lab where you think that's for in heaven. Okay. All kinds of things, places that we can make for each other, not talking about like our mansions or anything like that, but there we all have a creative ability because of who they are and so absolutely people get excited. Yes. And actually people say, well, what do people do? There's nothing to do there. You don't have a job or you create stuff. You hold events everywhere and everybody wants to be a part of your event. So yes, those things do happen a lot. That's good. Good. Okay. I have so many rabbit trails that I want to go to, but I'm going to jump to the next question. Elizabeth asks, how do I know if my child goes to heaven? If my child goes to heaven in her sleep, I asked this because she has a dear friend and recently that recently moved to heaven twice this week. She said she had a dream about them playing together and running. I'm not sure if I understand the question. How do I know if my child goes to heaven in her sleep? I asked this because she has a dear friend. Oh, she's saying when my child is sleeping, did she go to heaven and visit? That's what she's asking. That is a great possibility. Sure. Yeah, he takes people while they're sleeping. Okay. So they may, they say, Mom, I had this dream and I was playing. Yeah, my green kids have actually had that happen to them quite often. Okay. And those five places in heaven, like when they were four years old and they went, they didn't even know those places were there. But I mean, they have been that they ride, they rode, I think I mentioned before, you would ride lava out of a volcano. Yeah. My grandfather, my dad. Yeah, there are some of those giggles, by the way. I love the giggles. Giggles of God. Someone needs to write that book because we serve a happy, joyful, funny. By the way, of all the three, Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Who's funniest if you could, if you, who's clever with their wit if you, if you had. I would have to say there's either Holy Spirit, probably or Jesus. I think Jesus definitely has the wit. I think they call Holy, well, I know they call Holy Spirit the drama king. Yeah. Right there. He loves a good joke. He really does. He loves like all kinds of drama and exciting things going on up there. So I would have to say probably more of those. The father is definitely for love. Yeah. Just dad, father, you know, I think Kim Robinson has had multiple trips together. She calls him daddy, God. You've had, I'm not asking you to say the names, your private names for God, but God has given you different names that you call him. Is that right? Yes, he had. That's a real interesting thing. And I've known several others that were like that. They say I've called them such and such and it would be something I'd never heard. But God gave, I don't know, maybe he gives different people the same ones, but that's pretty special. All right. He's just asking, how do you pray when asking God to relocate? How do you pinpoint where God wants you? I guess that means to move. I do not want to move to a place out of his will. So he's saying, she's saying, how do you pray when you're asking God to relocate you? I mean, I guess you, you want to tell him, I guess you want to ask, okay, I don't even know how to interpret that more than the question. So yeah. So what's your thoughts on that? So I think she wants to move, but she doesn't want to move to the wrong place because God didn't tell her to do or something like that. She's, she's going, you know, how do I pray? I would say, you know, you want his will done more than anything else and asked him to please give him permission to let you know. It's a good way to do that. You get, you get him permission to let you know if it's not the place he wants or maybe something different like that. I think most of the time, if it's, if it's about him and you've heard him maybe say things like that in his will towards you, I think people are so centered on pleasing him and making sure they don't step out of what he wants. So they don't mess up their life. I don't think he'd let them mess their life up if maybe they did choose something differently, but, but telling him that certainly is going to help you stay focused. And for the people that, that are not seers and they don't see all the things in the spirit like you do. I mean, can they say, Lord, I think you're telling me to go here, but if I'm wrong, would you close the door before I absolutely ask you to do that. You absolutely could do that. It's a good idea. Okay. Good. Good. Yeah. All right. Shonda, Shonda, I must be Shonda. How do you release the anointing when you're on a telephone call? How would you do it if they, if they call you and you want to release the anointing? I'm sure she's meeting on the other person on the other end. So yeah, I would just hold my phone and I would just say it, or I would do it before I call them or he knew that I was going to call their number. I would say I released this, the anointing into this phone call when they pick it up, it'll go right into them. Okay. Okay. All right. Jill, let's see. This is partially cut off. Let me make sure I can read the whole thing. Okay. Jill says, as a seer, when I'm in church, I often see huge angels that stand between the first front, front seats and rows in front of the podium where the pastor preaches. It is always in the same position no matter what church. The angel is so big that his head is outside the roof. I didn't, I didn't notice an angel where we were going to church now until the last couple of weeks. Can you speak of what you know about those angels? I guess she's wanted to know if, if that's identifiable or something you've seen? I've seen angels 2,000 feet high, probably even higher than that in heaven. So just to what every side imagine is there. And I don't know that typically it's certain, you know, a tribe of angels or something like that. I just know that they do have many different sizes of angels. Do you, this is never a question that has never been popped to my head, but if you've seen 2,000 foot angels and you've seen angels that are probably roughly your size. Yes. So are massively tall angels by definition massively more powerful? Is that what the big means or what would you say? Possibly, but maybe possibly not. It's just that God loved making different types of angels or the hosts and he practiced well at doing that. Okay. Cool. All right. Cheryl is asking this question. She goes, I've heard you speak about how our loved ones in heaven can go to a portal on special days for us and sing happy birthday. For example, is the reverse true? My husband went to heaven less than two years ago. Can I sing happy birthday to him on his special day and have him hear me singing it? I'm sure that you could. I know that I have sung different things like to my father, like on Father's Day or something like that. I know that sounds odd, but I do really love my dad and a great relationship with him. And yes, and I know for a fact that Father has said you can sing what you'd like to them and he'll make sure they hear it. Yeah. Now I've said, this is maybe years past, but I've, you know, before I heard that you maybe can speak directly in there. They hear it in the spirit realm or something. However, but I've said, Lord, would you give my dad this message to tell him like, and I've said, like one time I said, tell my dad, I forgive him for those things. I don't even know that if that's appropriate thing because he's in bliss. Why would he need to hear that? But that's, that would be my question. What kind of things can you send as a messenger or ask God to set an angel and tell your dad, you know, can you say something like that? Tell him I forgive him. You mean on earth or in heaven? No, I'm saying, you know, he's in heaven now and you know that when he left, he left a mess like that was the case with my dad. And if I would have said, tell my dad, I forgive him for those things. I mean, that was years past, but what do you think about that? You just say, no, no, don't go there because he's already happy. He doesn't need that. I think that I don't think I would mind you saying that and all of somebody. I think it would be all right to say that. Even though they wouldn't still have to hear it. Yeah, because they already, yeah, I hear you. It's not like his soul needs to be unburdened for what he did. So it's just words of love, I think. Yeah. Okay. Dolores is asking this, do regular common people from different generations mingle with one another? For example, would an auto executive that went to heaven in 2022 mingle with the poor widow from Elijah's days, would they have things of interest to talk to? I think anyone who you would meet there would have, there's almost everybody's going to have something that they would love to talk to about you to you or with you. And you would find it very fascinating. So people still love to have conversations. They like to reason together, talk together. They love to share things. I mean, that never stops happening. Not here on earth or in heaven. Well, and then is there the sense that throughout eternity or as long as you're on heaven, one day, it's everyone's going to be on new earth. But as long as you're in heaven, are people making new friends all the time? Or do they kind of establish their friendship thing and their friends hang? Oh, they make new friendships all the time, no matter where they go. They do. Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, Tracy. Oh, this, this does occur to me to ask this question because you've talked because we said a minute ago about the portals in heaven. And you know, your loved ones can look down on special occasions. Can't with that being possible, could someone, this is probably a dorky question, but because someone say, hey, they should do her girlfriend from earth and now they're all both in heaven together. And he says, come on to the portal. I want to, it's my daughter's birthday. I want to say, I want to see them and come and see where my daughter, what my daughter's up to. Could they do something like that? Or is it only for personal family? You know what I mean? I think a lot is for family, but I think you could, there's people who would push doing anything or talking about anything to anybody if they could there. So yeah. Yeah, I know a lot of these questions are questions that you don't, it's not like you walk around knowing the answers to all these deep questions, but yeah. Yeah. Okay. Tracy's asking this, I'm a worship dancer. Can you elaborate a little more on what happens when we minister and dance? And this seems like it's a common question. People want to know when I do this on earth, what's it, what's happening? What is it accomplishing is, I think, is what she's saying. What happens when I dance? I mean, that could go a bunch of directions. What is the Lord doing? What's happening in the spirit realm? I mean, is, would you have any thoughts? Because you're a seer. Do you see people dance and then see things happening because of it? I see a lot of mostly music. Of course, I do see some dance. And sometimes you dance, you're not even on the floor, like in the throne room, they have a lot of dance and pageantry and stuff in there going on. It's absolutely beautiful. And of course, there's ways that you collect things as you dance. And then it's represented in some other way in heaven, like you create artwork or paintings by your dance. Even though it is with dance, not with your paintings, it's just something that's created as something to remember that about. Okay. And back for those that are dancing on earth, when you've seen people with the pageantry that God loves on the earth and they're waving their flags and they're dancing, does it affect the angels around them when they do that? Is something being triggered in a good way when they dance? And I think that's what she's trying to get at. Do angels respond? Does our blessings drop down that we don't see? What is the dance accomplished? Or is it just dance? I know dance is considered a high praise. It even says that it's in the Bible. And so yes, even some of the hosts are absolutely amazed and really love the warfare that takes place as a dancer. When you dance, like in the spirit about things, so that is definitely something that takes place. And all three of my daughters are dancers. They would have to be wore in dance in the spirit for people to be healed, for messages to be sent to be received. And so I would definitely know whether it's dance, whether it's music. A lot of things are created in the spirit. Okay, awesome. Sarah is asking this, are there, you've seen gemstones in heaven, and I think I've heard you talk about the crystal sea and stuff. She says, is there gemstone art in heaven that resembles stained glass? Have you seen? Absolutely, yes. A lot of people have those in their home there. Really? Especially if people were artisans in that. My grandfather made stained glass wonders. Okay. He's got some he's made in heaven. Wow, very cool. And I mean, you know, it makes me wonder, because you said that guy will put favorite pictures of yours that are on earth, or you'll show up at your mansion and there it's hanging. And I'm curious if God would do the same thing. Not that you would know the answer to this, but that if you if someone made stained glass on earth, they show up and God said, this is one that you made. I really, especially loved, I kept it. And here's it. That was that sound like something he might do just because that's who he is. I think he probably would. If people gave him any high gifts, he's going to love him anyway. Yeah. And even he has some favorite things that he likes, anything he may with life with colors, things like that. Whether you're young or not young, he loves people when they give him gifts. Cool. All right. Let me see. We're five minutes out here. We got time for a few more questions here. George is asking, when some people are dying, they reach out or call for their family members who have died before them. They act as though their family members are right there in the room with them. Do you know, do they really see their loved ones and do they come? I guess they're asking, do their loved ones come to help with their transition to heaven? Can you share about that? I mean, I have no idea. I think sometimes they do. I do know for a fact that some people have seen their family members, like maybe within a week of passing or something. I think it's something that God just does to encourage people. And so I just know that it does happen. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Rachel's saying, when we are reunited with our loved ones that are already in heaven, to them, will it feel like it's been a long time since they've seen this? Or will it only feel like seconds or days since they've seen us? I think it's just seconds. Really? Oh, yeah. They don't miss someone being gone 30 years or something like that. All they can think about is can't wait to see them again when they see them. And so for them, you've only been gone for a short time. Okay. Wow. Okay. And Andrew's asking, when and why were the host, Michael's army created, was it after Satan's treason, specifically to deal with him or was it actually before Satan's treason? In other words, you've made it very clear that the only reason there's an army is not to protect heaven. God doesn't need an army to protect heaven. So when do you know when the army was created? Was it after the fall of Satan? I think the army was been around a very long time. They even wondered why they were created one time. Really? To fight. Yeah, they were there for the enemy, for who became an enemy. So maybe they only understood what they were being trained up for when that fall happened. Yeah. They were taught war and they had to run maneuvers and do all kinds of stuff like that. Really? And that one was how loose for a fallen heaven. They knew who their enemy was. Interesting. All right. Here's another question about the Michael, the captain of the warrior angels. Is it Martha's asking, I believe the angel Michael is the captain of the warrior angels and Gabriel is the messenger angels. Are there other types of angels with specific purposes? I'm guessing there'd be lots of them with specific purposes. There are so many, I cannot number them. There's many, many, many, many. There's ones who are couriers, of course, the scribes, the Bible talks about them, helper angels that help all over heaven doing things like that. Of course, there are the hosts of heaven. There's ones who serve in different places and who keep the treasures shined up and all kinds of things like that. Okay. Cool. Yeah. It makes sense that he might even have thousands of different kinds of angels, right? For categories that we've never even thought about. So, yeah. Man, just that's right. Me, A, N, G, S. Does God really cast out your sins into the sea of forgetfulness? If you brought up your past, would he not know of it? I think most of the time he wouldn't because he does cast it there and he's not going to think about it. I tell people, stop reminding him of your sins. He won't know what you're talking about if you've repented. Yeah, boy. I could have used that understanding years ago when I kept repending over and over and over and over to make sure I got it right. He's probably saying, would you stop repending? Okay. Jamelia, lots of interesting names today. Jamelia, have you seen inside of the courtrooms in heaven? What's happening in there? What do they look like? Do they look like a courtroom on earth? The judge sits on the bench up there high and then there's a defense in both sides? I have absolutely been to the courtroom in heaven. Actually, there's more than one. I guess outside, not outside of heaven, but in the atmosphere of heaven, it's invisible. I know this sounds crazy. You can actually see to it. You can see that it's there. Then of course, it's a courtroom that's actually in heaven. Yes, I've seen both. Like anything else, God sits as judge. Jesus is our lawyer and Satan gets hauled up there about different things sometimes. Other things get harder, but justice does take place in those courtrooms. So it does look like a courtroom as we would know it. Well, they have one that looks very supernatural. They do have one that looks like what you would call a courtroom, maybe not exactly like that. So they're both different than I've seen. Okay. All right. Here's the last question here. Natalie is asking, what is your favorite thing about Jesus that you would like to describe? What's your favorite thing about? Of course, you'd have thousands of things, but what stands out to you? I think his eyes. I think his eyes are so amazing. I never get tired of whenever I'm around him. I always want to look at his eyes. They're beautiful, very beautiful. But he also does have a, I almost want to say a cynic sense of humor. I mean, he was very bold about the things he said on the earth to those who were not doing right. Like one of my favorite ones is, are you you're a white and sepulchral school of dead men's bones? Yeah. You thought of the religious hierarchy. I think both of those probably, those two things are probably my very favorite thing about it. And he holds both of those at the same time. He, you know, he's got that serious side and then the clever fun side. Yeah. So good. So good. Well, Kat, that's our time. We need to let you get to your moving and rest in between and all of that. So I appreciate it very much. We'll spend more time the next time talking about revealing heaven.com, but we're going to revealing the heaven.com to see her, to get her books and all that. And there it is. Katcur.com is where you can support her. The only place you can support her is online because she doesn't ask for money in any other way. A lot of people keep trying to pretend to be her. So all right. Thanks so much, Kat. Tomorrow, everybody is Robin Bullock. We're looking very much forward to that. When you see Robin Bullock, he almost, I think he always has that pin that you created. It says, I don't do demons. He wears that on his coat and everywhere he goes. So it's a, so that that'll be him right there after people see this. Yeah. Thank you very much. We love you. Bless you. Have a good time with your staffs. We'll see you again soon. Okay. See you later then. Bye. 